Initially, I was responsible for audio playback and menus. Over time, this role shifted into one focused on graphical
improvement, general game aesthetics, ease of use in menus and in gameplay, and core functionality.

- Audio proved to be difficult. While Guitar Hero is a game that essentially requires audio, we never really got a 
track to play. Even if it had, it would have been a further complication to adjust the system timer based on the 
song's bpm, sync audio to the track on separate boards or using SPI, etc.

- While Ben was responsible for getting input from the guitar and building a structure capable of holding that data,
I used his framework to a) properly draw the board and notes, b) implement the removal of notes when a player held a
button and strummed when a note crossed a designated area, and c) create a graphical redesign more consistent with our
overall theme.

- Further improvements included fixing lag / lost input in menus, implementing a 'draw and count down' upon unpausing
the game (so the player would have a chance to see the note field for a few seconds before gameplay resumed), and 
fixing the gyroscope-controlled pause function.

Overall, I think these tasks were not necessarily challenging to implement, but required several hours of testing and
tweaking to feel like I was playing a video game vs. controlling a program. Having some experience in Guitar Hero, it
was obvious to ask myself, "If I was playing guitar hero right now, how would this menu select feel? How much of a 
delay can I expect on certain actions? How do I expect notes to appear and disappear?" I believe all of these things
contributed significantly to the look and feel of the project, using the excellent framework built by my partners as
support.

In terms of technical difficulties, audio was the greatest drawback. I was able to produce noise, but nothing of real
substance. Further improvements were straightforward, and required less technical skill than intuition in terms of design,
comfort, and playability.

If I was to do this again, I would design a game with a similar function, but with less of a focus and audio and rhythym,
and a greater focus on using the guitar controller in a creative and novel way. Ultimately though, this project was a blast
and I'm very satisfied with my work and the work of my partners.
